■■[ ■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
■■UG■■■■■■■■HT UP ■■■■ ME ■■■■■■
■■■■■■■■RE?
M
I ■■■■■■KN■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
■■■■THTA■■■■UN■■■■■■■■■■
■■■■ERE IS■■■■AD F■■■■■■S DR■■.■
■■■■■■, IT SAYS, "■■■■F ■■■■■■■■
■■■■■■■■RIEF■■LG■■■■■■E ■■S ■■■■
■■■■FE■■■■ BASICAL■■■■■■■■■Z
■■[ ■■■■HT■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■&
■
■■STAU■■MI■■■■■■wC■■■■■■
■■OKA ■■■■■■A.■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
■■■■?!■■■■■2■■
[ LA■■■■ER■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
■■■■■■■
■■■■■■P.■■■■
■■■■MEON■■WAS ■■■■■■NO■■■■ THE■■
■■OH, YO■■■■■■A[■■DEBE■■■■■■■■■■
YOU DO■■T ■■NT TO ■■ SEE T
■■■■■UG■■ER ]■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
■■ON■■■■
TH■■■■ST■■■■IN■■NT■■■■.■■■■■■■■
■■U!"■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
YOU ■■OW, THIS■■S TH■■YE■■■■O ■■
■
[ ■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
■■■■■■G AT THE■■■■CH■■■■■■ND■■■■
[ LA■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
■■■■■■■■■■■■■■AN■■HAMB■R■■■■■■■■
■■■MM■■TA■■■AND■■■■■■■■■■UR■■ ■■
■■■■■■■■■XPE■■■■■■■÷■■■■UL■■
■
■■ SABE ■■TO -- ■■
■■■■■■WH■■■■■■
■■"HAV■■■■■■ OWN■■■■NA■■T OPIA ■
■■ERE ■OU ■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
■■MIDS■■TEATE.■■■■■-■■■■■■CT■■SU
EX■■
■■ANTI-S■■■■■■■■óG■■■■."■■■■■■■■
■
■■W THIS KS ■■E ■■TC■■N =.■■■■■■
I7M GOIN■■TO R■■D YO■■■■■■OO A■■
■■'+E ■■NCERNI■■■■■EMBRE■■■■■■■■
■■■■C3AOF THE■■■■LD MUSE POMP■-
DE■■■■AT■■■■■■USED B■■■H■■
■■■■■■UG■■■■■■■ ■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
■
■■■■RN TO ■■■■■■
■■[ ■■UGHTER■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
■■■■■■■■■M■■■■■■■■S  DIR■■■■■■■■
■■ERE,■■■■■■■■■■■■SEE.■-■■■■■■■■
■■
■■■■UG■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
■
■■ST■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
"P■■PL■■■■■■AZ■■E, T■■■■HA■■VI■■
■
■-
■■
■■■■E ■■SA■■BAJO ■■■■■■■■■■■■■ ■
■■■■■■RN■
■■SU■■ER■■"■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
■■■■
■■■■■■■■
■■■■■■■■■■OMEN F■■ AN!■■
■
■■■■STAF■■■■
NC■■N ER■■■■
)a■■
■p■
■
)aO ■■VIA ■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
EGUNTA■■
■
DETR■■■■■■■■DE■■■■■■
OK, ■■LKS, YT'S MONDAY■■■■HT]
■■■
■
[ ■■■■■■■■SUIT■■■■■■0, T■■■■■■■■
■■U KN■■ -■■■■■■■■
■■ON■■TIME.'T M■■E ■■■■
■■
[ ■■■■■■
■■■■■■, CAN WE B■■NG SOMEBOD■■■■
■■KNOW W■■VE■■■■■■■■EN M■■RI■■■■
■■■■RK■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■AI■■
L
■p■■■■■■■■S ■■GH■■HERE■■■■
■■R ■■GISL■■RO D■■■■ CAO■■■■ D+■
■
■■SESPECIA■■'A■■L ETIC■■E■■■■
■-
■
■■DON'T ■■■■■■■■
OF■■HE A■■SH.■■■■■■■■■N■■■■TEAT■
■■■■■■■■IAL EFFE■■S AM LOS EFE■
■
■■EXPEPE■■■■ES■■■■■■
■■[ LAUGHTER ]■■
■■■■E Jo■■ U■■■■■■LIAN■■IGHT, ■■
■
■■■■■■■■■■■■
■■■■■■■■■■■■ ]■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
■■■■JE■■!"■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
■
■■■■■■
■@LA■■HT■■■■■■■■■■■■SU ■■■■
■■■■R ■■■■■■N  ■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
■
■■■■■■■■HTER■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
MU■■A BIEN■■DENTRO■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
"WHE■■'S THE B■■HR■■M?■■■&■■AN■U
■■■CUGHT■■■■)M
■■IT'S■■■■■S■■■■!■■
■■SO3AFROZEN D■■ERTS■■■■■■ G■■■■
■
■p■■■■MBRE■■■&■■■■
■■[ ■■UGHT■■ ] ES ■■■■■■■■■■■■■-
■■>>■■■■■■■■
■■■■LOOK■■■■■■EIR AD.■■■■
■■■■■■Y ■■■■■■LI■■ H■■S ■■■MLY■■
[ ■■UGHUER■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
■■■■■■■■ $75■■ACH, SLI■■■LY ■■■"
■■■■[ LA■■■■ER ]■■■■■■■■■■
■
■■AUSE■■F ■■ATH ■■S ■■T  INMED■■
■■"S■■■■■■■■
■
DOURLE WID■■TO H■■D TWO ■■NE■■■■
■■"S■■■■■■■■
■■ELEB■■TE T■■■■■■■■OF■■■■■■■NO■
DOURLE WID■■TO H■■D TWO ■■NE■■■■
)a■■G.E
■■ELEB■■TE T■■■■■■■■OF■■■■■■■NO■
■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■OH■■■■■
)a■■G.E
>>■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■OH■■■■■
"
>>■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
■
■■■■■■■■NG■■■■■■THAN ■■■■-■■
■■■■1,■
■
■■■nS ■■IN■■TO■■■■■■■&■■
■■■■[ L■
■
ST■■■■ THI■■■■HA■■IS.■■■■■■
THERE ■■■■GO.)M■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
■■ N■■US■■UNO DE■
TIOHS ■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
■■LA■G■■ER Ñ■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
■■■■■■T ■■■■ W■■T ■■'S T■■■■NG ■
■■■■OUT,■■■■■■
■■■■■■■■VI■■.■■
THEN T■■ Y■■■■■■■■
YO■■■■N'T ■■TM■■■■■■■U■■RE■■R ■■
■■THE GE■■GE C■■ONEY FILM,
■■■■LA■■■■ER■■■■■■■■
■■■■■■■■■.■■
■pLOOK■■■■THAT.■■
■■[ LAUG■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
■■[ ■■PL■■' ]■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
■
■■■■■■■■: WH■■?■■■&■■
TO■■TH■■.■ W■■T TO■■EAR ■■■■
■■■■■■■■■■
■■BU■■■■■■RE■■LY Y■■■■■■■■■N■■ ■
LO■■ AT TH■■ STURE A ESTE ■■■UD■
>>■■evin: ■■AT'S TRUE,■■■■■■■■■■
■■>> Jay: AL■■■■ECUL■■IO■■■■■■■■
■■■■I[ I■■■■■■LICE R■■■■■■■■■■■
■■■■■■.M.■■
N PO■ ■■■■■■
SO■■■■■■
WHAT■IN■■■■■■IE■■S IT■■BOB?
■■MOCR■■S AR■■■■EN■■■■■■■■AN■A■■
A
■■[ LA■■■■■■ ]■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
CO■■S,■■■O■■WH■■
■■ME■■■■■■■■E PLAC■■.■■■&
■■OK A■■RE■■LA■■RO■■■■EEF ■■
■■■■
SAND■■■■
■p■■■■UGHTER■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
■■E ■■AD■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
■■W,■■HIS ■■■■S ■■UEL TO ME- ■■
■
■■TER ■■■■■■AND FISH.
■■■■, "B■■K," ■■ H■■S THO ■■■■■■
■
■■■■RVICES, ■■At■■HE S■■MONS A■■
■■GOING TO bE.
■■■■LI■■ THE■■■■■T M■■■■DIST
■■
SE■■WHAT■■■■■■■■?
■■■■■■OES ■■ S■■?■■
■■."
■■■■S GO OVERIAN CHURC■■ON■■■■■■
TERI■O EN KI■■■■URY.■■
■■
OD■■■■
HE'S OVER IN T■■ MET■■DIST ■■
■■CHURCH■■TH■■■■■■■■RE HE ■■!)■
■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
■
■■RE■■■■ B■■■■EDDING PHOTO■■
■■A BAD WELA FOTO DE L■■■■DA.
■■E MA■■IS S■■NDING NEAR S■■E ■■
■
LIKE■■■■S WEAR■NG HOOP■■KI■■■
■■■■■■UG■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
■
I ■■■■ T■■S ON■■■■
■■■■■■T  A■■STA ■■STADOR■■■■■■
■■U ■AN BUY TH■■■■OA■■ERTURE.■■
■■HOW LONG HAS T■■■■■■AST BE■■ ■
■■THER■■■■
■p■O THAT?■■
THANK ■■■■ THA■■■■OU VERY MUCH.■
■■M GOING TO■■ASS ON THE T■■ST..
"RUS■■■■■■■ PO■■■■■■E, 53,■■■■
■■
OVER■■IG■■■■ND■■■■■■."■■
■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
■■SE■ PARECE UN PEQ■■Ñ QUIERE ■■
■
■■Ié■■GOOD■■ ONE HER■■ S■■■■IN■&
E
■■■ KNOW I'M GOI■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
■■■■■■CA■■■@--■■
■
■■■■M SORR■■
MA■■■■■&
■■NOT MAKING F■■■■ER■■■■■■
■■EW■■OF DEA■■ INS■■■■S MOUTH ■■
THAé'S■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
THE LOVELY W■■AN BAK■■ PIES ■■D■
■■EY M■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
■
■■OK AT ■■IS.■■■■■■■■■■STINoS■■■
AL■■■■■■ H■■ DOG■■■■INCH ■■
■
■■U ■■CAN'T ■■U?■■■■■■■■■
AL■■■■■■ H■■ DOG■■■■INCH ■■
■■YEAH.■■
■■U ■■CAN'T ■■U?■■■■■■■■■
■■■■12■■NC■■S!
■■YEAH.■■
■■■TAP."■■ ]■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
■■■■12■■NC■■S!
■■■A■■HT■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
■■■TAP."■■ ]■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
■■[ LA■■■■ER ]■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
■■■A■■HT■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
WOW,
■■
■■■pA ■■UR■■ A■■
HA■■SH■■E'S ■■SHOP SUG■■STED■■T
■■IS L■■■■SE■■OUS FOR PR■■STS T
PARI■■.■■
IN D■■■■ITIO■■ T■■ BAT R■■■■AD A
A ■■■■■■■■BOY, B+) THE BOY WASA■
■
E DI■ERENT■■■■■■■-
■■■■■■■ NO■■■■EN■■RO■■OU■■
■■
■■■■■■SH.'"■■■■
>>■■ay■■HE■'W A■■ELL ■■■■
■■A DEAL■■■■■■■ER OPENED■■WOMAN■
OKAY■■HERE'S■■CTIO■■AND PARA■■A■
■
■■>> Jay: ■■OK AT ■■■■HE
OOAY■■■■■■■■■■■■DU■■WI■■■■Ew■■■■
■■LAUGHT■$ ]■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
■■■■O■
■
■■ERE ■- Y■■ S■■ WHCT I'M
■■■■
SA■■NG■■
■■GG■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■I■
ANYTHING.
WHAT'S NEXT?
HERE WE GO.
OKAY, THIS IS "SEE-THROUGH
MODEL OF THE HUMAN BODY."
LET ME OPEN THIS HERE.
TAKE IT OUT OF THE PACKAGE.
"SEE-THROUGH MODEL OF THE HUMAN
BODY."
[ LAUGHTER ]■■
YOU THOUGHT YOUR KID WAS
CONFUSED BEFORE?
[ LAUGHTER ]■■
NOW, THIS WASN'T A BAD DEAL FOR■
99 CENTS.
IT'S A SNOWMAN WREATH, ONE EYE
WAS MISSING.
YOU CAN FIX THE EYE.
[ LIGHT LAUGHTER ]
BUT HE SINGS A SONG, BUT THE
FUNNY PART ABOUT IT IS, HE
SINGS "FROSTY THE SNOWMAN" BUT
THE GUY SINGING THE SONG
FORGETS THE WORDS.
[ LAUGHTER ]
NO, LISTEN, LISTEN.
♪ FROSTY THE SNOWMAN
WAS A HAPPY JOLLY SOUL
WITH A CORNCOB PIPE
AND A BUTTON NZ DEL BOTON
♪ A
I DON'T KNOW ♪
[ LAUGHTER ]
>> Jay: AND THAT LAST LINE, "I
DON'T KNOW."
LISTEN.
♪ FROSTY THE SNOWMAN
WAS A HAPPY JOLLY SOUL
WITH A CORNCOB PIPE
AND A BUTTON NOSE ♪
♪ AND THE LAST LINE
I DON'T KNOW ♪
[ LAUGHTER ]
>> Jay: I LOVE THAT!
I LOVE THAT.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
I SAW THIS FOR 99 CENTS.
IT'S "THE FRIENDSHIP BRACELET."
CAN YOU READ WHAT IT SAYS?
"REVENGE."
[ LAUGHTER ]
[ APPLAUSE ]■■
AND THESE ARE BEAUTIFUL ITEMS.
THESE ARE FABULOUS WHITE TRASH
ITEMS, YOU MIGHT WANT TO HANG
THIS IN YOUR BATHROOM.
THERE'S "GRANDMA AND GRANDPA
GOING TO THE BATHROOM."
WHAT'S LOVELIER THAN THAT?
[ LAUGHTER ]
ESPECIALLY GRANDMA.
GRANDMA LOOKS ESPECIALLY
ELEGANT, DOESN'T SHE?
[ ■■UGHTER ]
WHO WOULDN'T LOVE TO HANG THESE
IN THEIR DOUBLE WIDES?
AND THIS LAST ONE, THIS IS KIND
OF INTERESTING.■■
WELL, LET'S SAY, OKAY, YOU'VE
GOT YOUR FAVORITE GIRL, YOU
WANT TO TAKE HER SKIING, TAKE
HER SNOWBOARDING, GO OUT ON THE
SLOPES.
SHE GETS CHAPPED LIPS, YOU GIVE
HER THIS.
LOOK, IT'S "BITCH BALM."
[ LAUGHTER ]
THERE YOU GO.
FOLKS, IF YOU GOT ANY 99-CENT
ITEMS WOULD YOU LIKE TO SEND
US.
■■
KE■■ THE CROWD SEEMS A LITTLE
LETHARGIC.
IT■■OULD B
DAMP RAIN.
THEY SEEMED A LITTLE S■■W
DURING T■■ MONOLOGUE, DURI■■ ■■
THE HILARIOUS JOKES.
■■
■■LAUGHTER ]
>> Kev: I ■■OW, THE MONOLOGUE ■■
WAS SO GREAT, TOO.
>> Jay: I KNOW, I KNOW.
■■■■K YOU, THANK YOU.
REMIND HE TO SIGN YOU UP FOR
ANOTHER FIVE YEARS.
■■
[ LAUGHTER ]
CHEERS THEM UP.
I SHOULD TELL THEM WHO'S ON,■■■■
THOUGH.
HERE, FROM "SEX IN■■HE CITY."
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
SHE'S IN A NEW MOVIE CALLED
"THE SHAGGY DOG" WITH
TIM ALLEN.
COMEDIAN CARNCIA DE CARLOS DE L
■■WELL.
AND MY OLD FRIEND, ■■
KRIS KRISTOFFERSON.
■■VIEWS.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
■■I LOVE KRIS KRISTOFFERSON.■■
■■RS
WAS IN COLLEGE, 1970.
>> Kev: WH■■.
>> Jay: YEAH, THAT'S 36 YEARS
AGO.
TH■■'S A LONG TIME.
■■ALL RIGHT, TOMORROW NIGHT
■■
TIM ALLEN WILL BE HERE.
ALSO THIS WEEK -■■
■■
JULIA LOUIS-DREYFUS,■■
ALSO THIS WEEK -■■
TERRY BRAD■■AW, WHO'S NUDE IN
JULIA LOUIS-DREYFUS,■■
THIS NEW MOVIE.■■
TERRY BRAD■■AW, WHO'S NUDE IN
IT■■ A FRIGHTENING THING,
THIS NEW MOVIE.■■
ESPECIALLY IN HIGH DEFINITION.
IT■■ A FRIGHTENING THING,
[ LAUGHTER ]
ESPECIALLY IN HIGH DEFINITION.
AND A MUSICAL PE■■■■MANCE BY ■■
[ LAUGHTER ]
RUSSELL CROWE ■■D HIS NEW BAND,
AND A MUSICAL PE■■■■MANCE BY ■■
THE ■■DINARY FEA■■OF GOD.■■
RUSSELL CROWE ■■D HIS NEW BAND,
RUSS■■L'S GOT A ■■W BA■■, SO ■■
THE ■■DINARY FEA■■OF GOD.■■
FOLKS, IT IS TUE■DAY NIGHT,
RUSS■■L'S GOT A ■■W BA■■, SO ■■
TI■■ FOR "HEADLINES."
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]■■■■■■■■■
I ■■T THIS IN THE MAIL JUST ■■
THIS IS A GIGANTIC L■■D
AUCTION.■■
SEE THAT?
MARCH 12th, IT'S COMING UP.
LOOK AT THESE BARGAINS.
I LOVE HOW REALTORS MAKE
EVERYTHING SOUND EXCITING.
LO■■ AT ■■AT.
"GIGANTIC LAND AUCTI■■.
MO■■ OF THE ROYAL GARDEN
SUBDIVISIO■■■AS COVE■■D BY 60
■■
FEET OF LAVA■■URING THE
ER■■TION OF KILAUEA, AND AT
PINPOINT THE EXACT LOCAT■■N OF■■
THE PA■■EL."
[ LAUGHTER ]■■■■
YOU KNOW, IF YOU■■E GO■■G ON A■■
RECOMMEND THE MAPLE VALLEY ■-
SHELL GAS STATION AND FINE
WINE.
[ LAUG■■ER ]■■
THEY'VE GOT SNACKS, BEVERAGES,
ATM, GAS, DIESEL, ■■D PROPANE.
[ LAUGHTER ]■■
THIS IS GOOD TO SEE, WHEN
PEOPLE CAN GET OVER THEIR
BIASES■■ND PREJUDICES.
YOU KNOW, IT'S ALWAYS GOOD TO
SEE.
LOOK AT THIS.
"TROUT NAMED TO SALMON BOARD."
YOU KNOW, THAT I■■Só GOOD.
[ LAUGHTER ]
■■REALNTE, REALMENTE.■■■■■■■■■■
■
TO SEE -■■
[ APPLAUSE ]
"NEW FOUNTAINS COMING ■■IS
SUMMER."
I DON'T THINK I'LL BE DRINKING
OUT OF THE NEW FOUNTAI■■■■■■
[ LAUGHTER ]■■■■■■■■■■■■
"IT'S ■■E HONG KONG BUFFET.■■
FROZEN NON -- DRINKS."
■■DO WE HAVE ANY NON -- DRINKS■■
[ ■■UGHTER ]■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
SPEAKING OF PREJ■■ICES,
"'BROKEBACK MOUNTAIN' MAY SK■■
SOME LOCAL THEATER■■"
I GUESS -- I LOV■■THIS.
LOOK AT THIS SENTENCE.
"SOM■■ SUCH AS GILLETTE ■■
RESIDENT DANA MORG■■, THINK A
A GAY COWB■■ MOVIE SEEMS LIKE
AN OXYMO■■
'YOU CAN'T BE ■■Y AND IN A
■■
A WESTERN, ESPECIALLY IN
WY■■ING.
■■US THE■E WEREN'T ANY GAY
PEOPLE BACK IN 1963.'" E■■CTLY.
TH■■'S RIGHT.
KEV, I REALIZED WHY THESE
AREN'T>>■■evin: WHY'S THAT?
>> Jay: BECAUSE ■■ GOES THIS
WAY.
[ LAUG■■ER ]
[ CHEERS AND■■PPLAUSE ]■■■■■■■■■
IT'S ONE OF THOSE NIGHTS WHEN
EVERYTHING COMES TOGETHER.
[ LAUGHTER ]■■
■■■■VE WHEN FOREIGN COUNTRIES,
■
■■U KNOW, ■■Y TO■--
I GUESS THIS■■S CHINESE OR■■■■
KOREAN■■
I'M SORRY I DON'T KNOW.
IT'S SPAGHETTI WITH MEAT SAUCE.
THEY WANTED A NAME T■■T SOUNDED
■■ALIAN.
I GUESS IF YOU■■E JAPANESE OR
■■
KO■■AN.
■■OK -- "I■■S MMMAFIA."■■
■■■■■■■■■■■■
■■ENJOY A DELICIOUS MMMAFIA MEA■
WELL■■GOD BLESS 'EM, IT GIVE■■
YOU FAITH.
"COUPLE STILL HAPPY AF■■R 69 ■■
YEARS TO■■THER."
COULD THAT GUY LOO■■HAPPIER,■
LADIES AND GENTL■■EN?
■■LAUGHTER ]■■
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ■■■■■■■■■■
OKAY.
I ■■INK THEY MEANT "DUCKY."
I THINK THEY MEA■■ "DUCKY."■■
>> Kevin: ALL RIGHT.■■
■■ Jay■■WHAT■■ BETTER THAN A
A HO■■BATH WITH ■OUR RUBBER
■■CKY?■■
SEE WHAT I'M SE ■■GO?
■■
YOU SEE?
THIS SEEMS LIKE IT WOULD BE A
A RACIAL SLUR, BUT IT'S JUSTSOL
A MISSPELL■NG.
IT'S ABOUT A BANK AND WHAT
TH■Y'RE ■■IN■.
"BILL CRACKS D■■N ON WORTHLESS
CZECHS■■
[ LAUGHTER ]■■■■■■■
■■
LOOK AT THIS.
EA■■ SEED STARTER KI■■
YOU ■ANT■■O HAVE A G■■RE TENER■?
■
HERE'S AN EASY SEED STARTER
KI■■
"JUST ADD SOIL, SEED A■■
■■WATER."
WOW.
[ LAUG■■ER ]■■■■■■■■
OH, PEOPLE ARE WONDERFUL.
PIZZA DELIVERY WOMAN SUFFERED
INJURIES TO HER LEG AND FOOT
WHEN A DOG ATTACKED HER AT H■■
■
HOME TUESDAY NIG■■.
SHE REQUIRED TREATMENT AT TH■■
PUTNAM COUNTY AMBU■■TORY CARE
THE HOMEOWNER CALLED THE PIZZA ■
SHOP BACK TO ASK, 'HEY, ■■N I
STILL GET THE PIZZA?'"
[ LAUGHTER ]■■■■■■
NICE■■O SEE ■■EY WERE
CONCERNED.
LOOK AT THIS.
"COM■■PLAY■■ITH ME KITTY
FLUTE."
W
IN THE CAT'S ASS, OKAY?
[ LAUGHT■■ ]
I'M SORRY.
IT JUS■■DOESN'T SEEM --■■
[ APPLAUSE ]■■■■■■■■■■■■
HERE'S■■ HOME -- "$151,000,
THRE■■BE■■OOM RANCH, F■■CED
BACKYARD, SITUATED ON A QUIET
CUDDLE S■■."
[ ■■UGHTER ]■■
I'M NOT SURE WHAT ■■CUDDLE S■■
IS, AND I DON'T KNOW IF I'D
WANT A HOME ON ONE, EITHER.
"LASER METHOD ERASES WRINKLES
AND YEAR■■"
■■LOOK AT THE AFTER.
[ LAUGHTER ]
THAT'S AMAZI■■■■
WOW, HOW■■BOUT THIS.
"LOST, CHARM B■■CELET WITHA DEL
HEART CHARM.
[ LAUGHTER ], ■■0 POUNDS."
THAT'S THE ULTIMATE IN
BLING-BLING ACCESS■■IES.
[ APPLAUSE ]■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
■
I DON'T KNOW■■HAT THESE FROGS
ARE
I DO NOT WAN■■TH■■ DOING IT IN
MY HOUSE, OKAY?
■■LAUGHTER ]■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
"2■■HOUR ANIMAL AND PE■■
CONTRO■■"
■■THERE YOU GO.
[ LAUGHTER ]
WE GOT -- HOW ■■NY■■ABY TRAP■■
YOU ■■T OUT THERE A DAY, HUH?
LOOK AT THAT.■■
KEV?
>> Kev: WHAT'S UP, MAN?
>>■■ay: WANT A GIRLF■■END?
HELP CAN BE IN YOUR PALM■■
[ LAUGHTER AND A■■LAUSE ]■■
>> Kev: WHY ARE YOU TELLING ME
MAN?
>> Jay■■THIS D■■SN'T S■■ND ■■
■■RIGHT.■■
■■
■■ARNING: ASSE■■LED IN MEXICO."
■■[ LAUG■■ER ]■■
>> Kevin: WARNING.
>> Jay: LOOK AT THIS.
♪ THE HIL■■ ARE ALIVE
WITH THE SOUND OF ■■COUS ♪
[ LAUGHTER ]
I ■■OW■■HAT THIS■■S SUPPOSED TO
BE -- "DELIGHT YOUR VALENTINE.■■
HOW DO YOU■■EAR THAT?■■
HEY, HER■■S A DEAL -- ■■
"TOMBSTO■■, STANDARD GRAY.
A GOOD BUY FOR SOMEBODY ■■MED
GRADY."■■
[ LAUGHTER ]■■
[ CHEERS■■ND A■■LAUSE ]■■■■■■■■■
■■W ABOUT THIS FOR A GUARA■■EE?
■■Y MY CASKET AN■■YOU ■■LL GO ■■
TO■■EAVEN AND MEET JESUS!"
[ LAUG■■ER ]
YES!
[ LAUG■■■■ ] H■■K OF A GUARANTE■
ISN'T IT■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
■■
OKAY.
I LIKE PIZ■■, KEV.■■
YOU ■■OW I LOVE PIZZ■■■■
■■
>> Kev: OH, YEAH.
>> Jay: I LOVE■S■■CIALTY PIZ■■Z
ONE, "THE MEAT MISSILE," OKA■■■■
[ LAUGHTER ]■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
OKAY, THIS IS THE CHELSEA Y
CHELSEA■■.
THE CHELSEA ■■CA HELD THIS GOLF
TOURNAMENT.■■■■
I THINK THESE GUYS ARE A■■ITTL■
WHAT IS TH■■?■■
[ LAUGHTER ]
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]■■■■■■■■
IT'S FUN T■■STAY AT THE YMCA.